hey guys this is my engineer natural
extreme school check pink um Harold
unlock on grips really nice and spongy
prefer earlier long necks probably about
the best grips I've ever felt with metal
bar ends and we have the new MGP batwing
bars 23 heart by 22 wide I think I'm
loyal issuer with this partner I don't
even know if it's a sticker always like
printed on looks like a sticker and five
degree back sweep which is actually
really nice ball when you're out in but
it's is decent I like it with the MDP
triple clamp and the extreme headset
well threadless headset I don't know if
it's a different headset to the natural
to be honest but I will funnel all the
new MGP here Jesse Fox really strong I
ride with them backwards it's easy for
Jones people saved cheating but I don't
think it is it might be though with the
pink MGP not extreme deck really light
really fast and when I say fast it's
like the speed holes actually really do
make a difference you don't feel it look
it's nice for when you're riding
downhill with someone I'm not unlike a
completely different school or like a
nacho because these holes on a slump and
as there goes and it pushes it out
faster than it goes and if I makes
it's and oh yeah a 1 10 millimeter arrow
wheel with get the bones and Sam on
the back m gpio 110 with clunker two
bearings and MGP flex window which is
really loose nani's turn it up and the
grip tape which is a strict moving ass
and thanks for watching yeah and this is
all of our channel it's like everyone a
wild ride with this is also their
channel it's like we're sharing it and
please subscribe to my other channel
which is jim's mud scoops i haven't
uploaded a video in a while but I got HD
camcorder for christmas so i'll be
uploading like more edits and stuff so
i'll put a link to it somewhere on the
screen somewhere and thank you for
watching bye